[Docs] Index patterns REST API docs (#100549)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/index-patterns/update.asciidoc

[[index-patterns-api-update]]
=== Update index pattern API
++++
<titleabbrev>Update index pattern</titleabbrev>
++++

> experimental[] Update part of an index pattern. Only provided fields will be updated on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experimental[] Update part of an index pattern. Only the specified fields are updated in the
```

> index pattern, missing fields will stay as they are persisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index pattern. Unspecified fields stay as they are persisted.
```

[[index-patterns-api-update-request]]
==== Request

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/index_patterns/index_pattern/<id>`

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/s/<space_id>/api/index_patterns/index_pattern/<id>`

[[index-patterns-api-update-path-params]]
==== Path parameters

`space_id`::
  (Optional, string) An identifier for the space. If `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.

`id`::

>   (Required, string) The ID of index pattern to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Required, string) The ID of the index pattern you want to update.
```

[[index-patterns-api-update-request-body]]
==== Request body

> `refresh_fields`:: (Optional, boolean) If to reload index pattern fields after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`refresh_fields`:: (Optional, boolean) Reloads the index pattern fields after
```

> the index pattern is updated. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the index pattern is updated. The default is `false`.
```

`index_pattern`::

>   (Required, object) the index patterns fields to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Required, object) The index patterns fields you want to update.
```

+

> These fields can be updated partially:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can partially update the following fields:
```

* `title`
* `timeFieldName`
* `fields`
* `sourceFilters`
* `fieldFormatMap`
* `type`
* `typeMeta`

[[index-patterns-api-update-errors-codes]]
==== Response code

`200`::
    Indicates a successful call.

[[index-patterns-api-update-example]]
==== Examples

> Update a title of a <my-pattern> index pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update a title of the <my-pattern> index pattern:
```

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------------
$ curl -X POST api/saved_objects/index-pattern/my-pattern
{
  "index_pattern": {
    "title": "some-other-pattern-*"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

> Customize update behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize the update behavior:
```

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------------
$ curl -X POST api/saved_objects/index-pattern/my-pattern
{
  "refresh_fields": true,
  "index_pattern": {
    "fields": {}
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

> All update fields are optional, you can specify the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All update fields are optional, but you can specify the following fields:
```
